beats gong
Hello everyone, Timur doctor and
today we will be shooting letplay
chess such have not seen
ad blitz three minutes need to act
as quickly and aggressively as possible
about all three minutes the one who
ends up losing but either
need to mate go to him about our
horse fell on a schoolboy fell in battle but it
this is my plan this was my plan part
my cunning plan was so intended
probably dude but people that you are three tables
minutes you need to act as much as possible
fast not
adventure for the boy volume of a horse
well that's all dude the only thing you
it remains to make it give up to
somehow get away from shame then
now did
but this is the end this is the end there is nothing to catch
black simply because they are black
white area
Interestingly among schoolchildren there is who not
knows how to play chess
check vigilance because blitz
blitz she trip cool yes last 3
minutes people sometimes just see
elementary things here are black now not
they killed him the queen who stood simply
opposite
getting out just doesn't suggest that
rival can do so dumb
move and I sometimes do you
especially of course the king take away again
horse clean the camera dude why then
you need to take a horse
you do not want 20 do not want to remove the horse
so you hope for time 5 in time
losing the wrong horse
will have to shave and I did not want to
it's time to do this in general
if you teach beats a horse this is no end he
Misha decided to hawala is unclear why
Wei horse and well, here he is he gave himself to
Sorry, this is where our live play fits.
end but do not worry you still waiting
1500 exciting episodes
chess
you can contemplate my way to chess
Olympus
soon i will become as powerful as harry
Kasparov was with you Timur doctor all
until